"Help!"
A scream echoed
"Please, help me"
Her voice hurting my soul
"I don't want to die..."
After a loud noise the factory fell silent once more.

I've had been days on the expedition
Days of torture and pain
I killed more than a dozen creatures but this one, this one I didn't dare to even look at.
I found the old warehouse next to the lumbermill, where I fought for my life against a mutated wasp. The size of my torso, with a wingspan twice it's size. 
I managed to dodge the damage but I couldn't stay there for long.
The sound of battle and the scent of blood was bound to draw more rotten corpses to the area.
A few days later I found myself in this factory, an old ammo manufacturing company that had disappeared as soon as the apocalypse started.
I couldn't find much, everything was looted, burnt down or had been destroyed and taken apart for scraps.
Even then I managed to find one thing in the basement.
It was a blast door, covered in ash and dust, with a clear blast mark on the bottom part as if someone tried to use explosives to get inside, the poor bastard clearly had no idea what a blast door was.
From inside I heard a knock that made me almost pass out. Then another one and a scratch.
And a voice of a little girl followed the scratch.
"Help!"
But I knew.
"Please help me"
But I could hear it.
"I need your blood and flesh to survive"
The distorted voice made me tremble, even with a gun in hand I felt weak and scared. I wasn't ready for whatever was on the other side, but whatever it was, it wasn't ready for me either.
I placed a mine, the ones that activate on movement. I'm no soldier, but I was taught by one. 
Place it, run back, get the button for the door. Boom.
A hellish scream that turned into a screech, a sound that made me feel nauseous and scared, but I had resolved to see this to the end.
I checked the door, blood and flesh all around. I checked inside, blood and flesh. Everywhere.
Piles of ripped clothing and a lot of discarded bones. 
Skulls littered around the room, ten, twenty, even more.
A feeding ground and a nest. Dozens of eggs. A breeding ground for the pests and rotten corpses that had destroyed the world. A single flame was enough, so I grabbed some clothes. The one that weren't soaked in blood.
A bottle of alcohol, a simple plan. I went outside the room, lit it and threw it inside. The whole floor ignited and so did everything else, probably traces of gunpowder or methane gas in the air.
It was done, so I went back home. I had found some food and a gun to boot, so I was satisfied with the expedition and wanted to quickly head to bed. 
A few days back, a few tough nights. Once I reached camp I managed to shut my eyes, a day and a half. I was tired, but maybe, a part of me was still scared of the voice that begged "Please, help me"