Since i was born, I've been faced with numerous hardships. I was born with a brain similar yet distinct from the rest, with eyes that could see more than needed, with ears that could listen to the sweet whispers that others doubted existed.

And as i grew, i found the reason. I'm not myself, or at least, I'm not human. My consciousness and this body aren't one nor the same, i discovered I've been following this body's action with my thoughts, and not the other way around.

I spoke, for the first time. Not this body, but me. My real voice came out in an alluring verse, telling the young child to doubt the words from his mother, as i could see what he couldn't, and saw mother hiding a knife behind her smile.

My voice became comfort, he trusted me and i guided him. A teenage boy who i guided through the rugged streets to avoid danger, whom i taught how to word his concerns so his parents would take him seriously. A foolish boy, whom i told, step by step, how to get rid of his own family. And he trusted me.

It may not have been this way in the beginning, but it is so now. I am evil, albeit not by nature, i am sure of it now. I want him to fulfill my wishes, as he belongs to me now.

The police came in, breaking into the house. The grown man knew exactly what to do, but they were well armed. They saw the dozens of bags, in which dozens of bodies he hides, they saw the trails of blood and his bloody face. Smile.

We fled the country, the continent, started a new life. He became a florist, a pianist, a tattoo artist and made scientifical discoveries thanks to my insights. We lived oh so many lives, throughout his lifespan. He's old now, and i know death is bewitching him with promises of the after life. 

I see him go, and with his departure, so goes my mind. I see not the promised eden, not a hellish afterlife. I see the world that we lived in, but through another human's eyes.

Maybe I'll be different this time, maybe I'll be a medic. I can turn this baby into anything and everyone will give him merits. I can become this species savior, i can be a devil in his world. I may create a religion and take control of those foolish boys. I can do anything i wish, and i shall do so. And so no one will recognize me... maybe I'll sleep, for a few hundred years or so.