Back in the valley, the war had sped up.
As it reached it's climax the tide had turned, the city of - seemed doomed.
The young prince of - thought to himself "what am i to do? Im powerless, my people are dying and I can't do naught but watch"
He fell to the ground, looking upon the bloodied battlefield was too much for the young prince, he couldn't help but cry at the thought of the death of his people, his city, his kingdom. The place he was born and raised in, the territory he sought and swore to protect with his life.
A dark whisper lured his mind away from the peril his people were in, a whisper that came from far away and from inside him, too. The pain-ridden voice that invaded his mind whispered to him, he pronounced his name with such love that the young prince could do nothing but weep, he heard his mother's voice, but it wasn't her. He cried and screamed, but the voice did not cease.
"What you desire is power, the power to save your army... i can help you, just let me in"
As the young prince cried, his tears turned to blood.
"I'll use you. I'll save my people, every one of them. I'll use you, whatever you are"
The battlefield trembled, every soldier stopped moving, a chill ran through their spines. The mangled corpses of the soldiers from both sides emitted a dark smoke, their flesh started pulsing and bulging, their bodies started to raise while groaning in a non human voice. Not one could speak, but they groaned and screamed, their souls were forced onto an amalgamation of flesh and bones that could not die, and as they ravaged their enemies, the young prince was surrounded by a dim cyan light, it moved around covered in black smoke, and it flew around the young prince, letting out a maniacal laughter.
He stood up and looked onto the battlefield, and as the commander and soldiers next to him tried to bring him down, with a single wave from his hand they disappeared.
The young prince had forgotten who he was, who he was expected to be. And as he took control over the battlefield, he lost control of himself.
The young prince had withered away, and in his place, a blackened soul was born